Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
Celina.
Huh?
You're coming with us.
Yeah? Just come on over here
and try and make me.
Let's Duel!
Look, there!
Huh? Look where?
It's Zuzu!
Mind if we join?
2,000 points of pain will now...
Ruff you up!
Aah!
Oh, no!
Poor Reed!
Now, they're gonna pay!
Aagghh!
I believe it's your turn.
Say good‐bye!
Not so fast.
Sylvio's stepping in with the
Action Spell Flame Guard!
Huh?
Sora!
What you're doing is wrong!
You've forgotten what dueling
is all about.
But I'll make you remember,
no matter what it takes!
Here we go!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
I Xyz Summon...
Triple‐C Rock Armor of Battle!
(roaring)
(thinking)
I knew something like this
was coming,
and I'm ready for it.
I activate Rock Armor's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Rock Armor gets half
the defense points
of both our monsters added to
its attack points.
And now, Rock Armor attacks
your Gadget Giant.
Not so fast, Riley.
My Gadget Giant has
a giant advantage
you don't know about.
Its special ability
automatically destroys
your monster!
A premeditated parry!
Tate's got Riley on the ropes!
My Rock Armor's
special ability prevents it
from being destroyed by your
Gadget Giant.
Then it's all...
Over!
(Nico)
‐ A rocking, shocking,
come‐from‐behind triumph!
With Fusion, Synchro and Xyz
Summons,
Leo Institute's Riley is
the Youth Division champ!
You deserve it, Riley.
The way you used
three ways of summoning
just like Declan Akaba does.
Yeah.
Just like Declan.
(Obelisk)
You might have us
outnumbered,
but I guarantee your
number's up!
(Sylvio)
Oh, please, if it was
you three against just me,
you still wouldn't
have a chance!
Your dueling's for the dogs!
My turn.
I draw!
With Scale One Abyss
Actor Evil Heel
and Scale Eight Abyss Actor
Funky Comedian,
I set the Pendulum Scale!
Now, I can summon monsters
between Level Two and Seven
all at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
Monsters, emerge!
Allow me to introduce Abyss
Actor Superstar!
This Superstar lets me add Abyss
Script Fantasy Magic to my hand!
It's time for my Superstar to
take center stage
so I'll activate my Script!
Superstar's read it over,
and now he'll nail the role!
Showtime!
Superstar, attack Triple Ancient
Gear Hunting Hound!
You got a lot to learn about
battling, kid.
Destroying that Hound
won't stop us from
crushing you and your crew.
Oh, I didn't destroy it.
Due to Fantasy Magic, your
Hunting Hound returns
to your Extra Deck instead of
going to your graveyard.
So your killer combo won't
activate, and you can't hurt
me.
Think again!
I activate the trap Ancient Gear
Reverse Fusion!
You thought you got rid
of my Hunting Hound,
but all you did was let me
Fusion Summon
the true leader of the pack!
Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting
Hound!
And now to show off
the power of its bite,
half of all your life points
instantly disappear!
You'll hear from my father
for that!
Make sure to tell him
everything you did
to help our opponents.
I'm up.
(grunts)
You're in no shape to battle!
So Gong's taking over!
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
On with the show.
I activate the spell
Toy Vendor.
And it's super fun‐tastic,
'cause it lets me
get rid of a card
to draw a new one
from my deck!
Later, Fluffal Wings.
And if I draw a monster card
that's Level Four or below,
I'm allowed to summon it.
But if it's not, I'll have
to toss it into my graveyard.
Ha!
Yes!
Next I activate
Polymerization!
I Fusion Summon!
Edge of sharpness
and fury of bear!
When the two come together,
you had better beware!
Welcome to the party,
Frightfur Bear!
I'll end my turn with a
facedown.
You never should have
challenged me, Yuya,
'cause losing to me isn't
gonna be pretty!
Then it's a good thing
I refuse to lose!
You never should have
challenged me, Yuya,
'cause losing to me isn't
gonna be pretty!
Then it's a good thing
I refuse to lose!
I'm gonna do whatever it takes
to remind you
that dueling's all
about having fun!
Hyah!
I'm using Scale One Stargazer
Magician
and Scale Eight
Timegazer Magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of
this duel, starting now!
Now I can summon monsters
between Level Two and Seven
all at the
same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monster's ready to swing
into action!
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Sora, remember the first time we
dueled each other?
I half‐remember.
I was half‐trying.
And it was half fun for like
half a second.
Well, I fully
remember someone
who loved to duel
for the right reasons!
To have fun
and to entertain!
And I'm going to do whatever
it takes to get that person
back!
Odd‐Eyes, attack!
I activate the Action Spell
Flame Chain!
This'll burn up 400 of your
Penuldum Dragon's precious
attack points!
Not if I activate Stargazer
Magician's Pendulum ability!
Watch in wonder as Stargazer
works his wizardry
and stops your spell right in
its tracks!
Halting Horoscope!
I activate Flame Surge!
It gives Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon
an extra 400 attack
points during this turn!
I'm activating the spell
De‐Fusion!
I separate Frightfur Bear back
into Fluffal Bear
and Edge Imp Sabres!
Nice to have double the defense
back to defend me.
Odd‐Eyes,
attack Edge Imp Sabres!
Since your Edge Imp Sabres
was in defense mode
when it was destroyed,
Flame Surge deals your Sabres
defense points as damage!
I'm ending my turn now.
So Odd‐Eyes' attack points go
back to normal!
Admit it, Sora, this back and
forth battle's
got you soul smiling.
This is what it
used to be like!
Isn't it great to be
dueling for fun again?
You don't understand anything
about dueling.
It's for destroying
your enemy.
Huh?
Zuzu, this Pendulum Card
you gave back to Gong
is gonna swing
this duel our way!
With Scale One
Pendulumstatue Red Fiend
and Scale 12 Pendulumstatue
Black Sun,
Gong sets the Pendulum Scale!
Now Gong can summon monsters
between Level Two and 11
all at the same time!
Gong Pendulum Summons!
And brings out two Superheavy
Samurai Thieves
and Superheavy Samurai
Transporter!
Now, Gong activates
Superheavy Samurai Thief's
special ability!
Gong tributes it to get a spell
card that activated last turn!
Sylvio's Evil Heel may be a
Pendulum Monster,
but it's also a spell card,
so Gong is gonna take it!
You know we're on
the same team right?
I mean, you could use that
move against someone else,
like our opponents!
True, but that's no fun.
Gong tributes Gong's
second Thief
to get your other Pendulum
Monster, Sylvio.
But Gong ain't greedy 'cause
sharing means caring!
Gong tributes Superheavy
Samurai Thief
to give these two Pendulum
Monsters to Shay!
Why did you give me these
Pendulum cards?
Because we're a team.
Now go and make Gong proud!
Dueling has never
been for fun,
but I guess it was fun seeing
all those Xyzians run for cover.
I refuse to believe that this is
who you really are!
Sorry, bud.
Some things just simply are
what they are.
It's my turn!
Aagghh!
(thinking)
All these people...
coming together.
risking everything.
But why?
Because we're a team.
And this team's...
gonna win!
With Scale One Evil Heel and
Scale Eight Funky Comedian,
I set the Pendulum Scale!
Now I can summon monsters
between Level Two and Seven
all at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
A trio of terror!
Raidraptor Wild Vultures!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
Fiercest falcon,
set your wings ablaze
and lock your gaze on our
ill‐fated foes!
I Xyz Summon!
Appear!
Raidraptor Revolution Falcon!
I activate Revolution Falcon's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it can attack each one of your
monsters!
That won't make a difference.
We'll just come at you with
our damage‐dealing combo.
You won't get that chance,
cause when Revolution Falcon
battles your Hounds,
all of your monster's
attack and defense points
completely disappear!
Revolution Falcon, go!
Avenge those who have fallen
and destroy the enemy!
Blitzing Bombardment!
(all)
Aah!
All right, in your face!
How's that feel, losers?
(laughing)
Face the facts, Yuya.
Dueling is a means to an end.
Your end.
My turn.
I send Filuffal Wings
to the graveyard
so that I can insert another
coin into Toy Vendor!
I wonder what goody will drop
out this time!
Hyah!
Perfect!
It's Level Two Fluffal Owl,
which means I can summon it!
Fluffal Owl lets me get
Polymerization from my deck
and then add it straight
to my hand!
Since Toy Vendor's on my field,
I can activate Filuffal Wings's
special ability
from the graveyard!
By banishing two
Filuffal Wings,
I can draw two cards
from my deck!
Then, by tributing Toy Vendor,
I draw one more card.
He just drew three cards?
Now I activate the spell
Edge Nightmare!
And, boy, is it terrifying
because it lets me
summon a monster
from my graveyard that's
truly a cut above the rest!
Edge Imp Sabres!
Next I'm activating
Polymerization
to fuse Edge Imp Sabres,
Fluffal Bear and Fluffal Owl!
Bird of prey, edge of sharpness,
fury of bear,
when the three come together,
prepare for a scare!
I Fusion Summon!
Frightfur Tiger!
Get set to cut Yuya down to
size!
I remember when you used to
build people up.
Like when you taught Zuzu
how to Fusion Summon.
You did it out of
friendship and for fun!
Fun's for the foolish.
Fusion Summoning's a tool to
crush your enemies.
And guess who is
enemy number one?
You don't get it! Dueling to
hurt others is just wrong!
I say it's right!
When Frightfur Tiger's
Fusion Summoned,
it destroys the same number
of monsters
that were fused to create it!
I fused three,
so I destroy three!
And last but not least,
Frightfur Tiger
gets 300 attack points for every
Frightfur monster on my field!
(roaring)
It's time.
Frightfur Tiger,
tear him apart!
(roaring)
It's time.
Frightfur Tiger,
tear him apart!
(sinister laugh)
Aah!
I truly am enjoying myself,
but like all good things,
this turn must come to end.
You're not having much fun,
though, are you?
You weren't always mean
like this, Sora.
What happened to
the Sora I knew?
You just never saw
this side of me.
I'm the fiercest Fusion
Warrior Duel Academy's ever
had.
None of that matters to me.
All that matters to me
is you're...
my friend!
I summon Performapal Skeeter
Skimmer!
Since Skeeter Skimmer's taken
the stage, I can also summon
Performapal Secondonkey to share
the spotlight!
It's showtime!
With these two monsters, I build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon...
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
You know what Duel Academy did
to the Xyz Dimension?
It wrecked their world.
A world filled with happiness
and joy!
Your buddies took it all away!
Stuff happens.
You can't make an omelet
without breaking a few eggs.
You had no right
to do what you did.
And I'm going to do everything
I can to make you see that!
I activate Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
the attack points of your Tiger
are cut in half!
And then Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon gains those attack
points.
I won't give up
'til you come to your senses!
Then give up!
This is the real me!
I activate the trap
Frightfur March!
It blocks your Dragon's special
ability, but that's not all!
It also lets me send a monster
from my deck
to the graveyard to Summon
another Fusion Monster!
Here's the wild, wicked cat
that's all paws, claws and
jaws.
Frightfur Sabre‐Tooth!
Frightfur Sabre‐Tooth's
special ability
lets me summon a monster
from my graveyard!
And I'm choosing the bear with
so much more than scare...
Frightfur Bear!
(growling)
And thanks to Frightfur Tiger,
my three furry friends
get 300 extra attack points for
every Frightfur on my field.
And Saber Tiger's
does the same thing,
except they all get
400 attack points
for every Frightfur
on my field!
I'll save you for later.
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale Three Xiangke Magician
and Scale Eight Xiangsheng
Magician.
This duel's about
to swing my way!
Now I can summon monsters
between Level Four and Seven
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monster's ready to swing
into action!
Come on back, Odd‐Eyes Pendulum
Dragon!
(roaring)
So you brought Odd‐Eyes back.
You always were one for
surprises.
I guess you got me again.
And I don't plan on
stopping, Sora!
I activate Xiangke's
Pendulum ability.
It changes Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon's Rank into a Level!
Level Evolution!
(roaring)
It has a Level
instead of a Rank?
Now Xiangsheng Magician's
Pendulum ability activates!
I'm taking aim and my game to
the next level!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon will
now have the same Level
as Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
The stage has been set!
I can't believe it.
Now he's got two monsters
with the same Level!
(thinking) Yuto, I'm having a
hard time trying to get Sora
to understand what dueling's
really about.
But maybe together, by combining
our monsters, we can reach him!
Now, it's showtime!
I overlay Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
in order to build the Overlay
Network!
Dragon with blazing,
raging eyes,
come and conquer all that
stand against you!
I Xyz Summon!
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon!
(roaring)
I Xyz Summon!
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon!
And now I activate Odd‐Eyes
Rebellion Dragon's special
ability.
Since Level Seven
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
was used to summon it,
all Level Seven‐or‐below
monsters on your field
are destroyed,
and you take damage equal to
their attack points!
The trap Fusion Fortress
will save me!
Since I've got
a Fusion Monster on my field,
I can't take damage from any
special ability!
I may have saved
my life points,
but Frightfur Saber Tiger's
attack points drop
because it lost
its Frightfur buddies.
Look there!
Yuya and Sora are battling!
(sinister laugh)
This is turning out to be
a real blast!
You really know how to
put on a show, Yuya!
It's why I always have so much
fun dueling you!
There!
Huh?
You just said it yourself,
Sora!
It's fun!
It's time you stopped
fighting that fact.
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon,
get the fireworks started!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it can attack you twice!
Odd‐Eyes, time to swoop in and
take out Saber‐Tooth!
I'm activating Flame Chain!
It shrinks your Dragon's
attack points by 400!
I'll counter that with
Flame Surge!
Odd‐Eyes gets those 400 attack
points right back!
Aah!
(Nico)
Time's up!
The Battle Royal is
officially over!
Yuya!
You all right?
Yeah, Gong, I'm fine.
Hey, you found Zuzu!
All right!
I was so worried about you!
Zuzu! Stop making
goo‐goo eyes at my Yuya!
I saw you getting lovey‐dovey
with someone else!
I'm not Zuzu.
Huh?
Then where is she?
I looked for Zuzu, but all I
could find was this one here.
Sora, don't tell me your
friends took her away!
Sora!
You've all dueled well.
Declan!
Perfect timing, Declan!
I got rid of all the Fusion
Dimension dweebs
just like you wanted me to.
I therefore qualify
to join the elite,
exclusive ranks
of the Lancers.
The what‐cers?
Who're they?
This Battle Royal
was really a test.
A test to see who
can cut it as a Lancer.
Lancer?
♪